Changes for sqlserver doc for upgrade to tier 2 app (#2012)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/opentelemetry/sql-server-opentelemetry.md

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/sql.png')} alt="thumbnail icon" width="50"/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/otel-color.svg')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="45"/>

> The SQL Server app is a unified logs and metrics app that helps you monitor the availability, performance, health and resource utilization of your Microsoft SQL Server database clusters. Preconfigured dashboards provide insight into cluster status, performance, operations as well as backup and restore operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL Server app unifies logs and metrics to help you monitor the availability, performance, health and resource utilization of your Microsoft SQL Server database clusters. Preconfigured dashboards provide insight into cluster status, performance, operations as well as backup and restore operations.
```

| count by LogType
```

## Sample Metrics Query

> Following is the query from **Page Buffer hit ratio %** panel from the **SQL Server - Performance Counters** dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query is from the **SQL Server - Performance Counters** dashboard > **Page Buffer hit ratio %** panel:
```

-   Monitor any errors and warnings.

<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/SQLServer-OpenTelemetry/SQL-Server-Operations.png' alt="Operations" />

### SQL Server - Transaction and Transaction Logs

SQL Server - Transaction and Transaction Logs dashboard shows performance counters related metric for Transaction and Transaction Logs.

Use this dashboard to:

> -   Get info with respect to time for Transaction and write Transaction per sec
> -   Insight into Transaction log related metrics like flush rate, flush data rate and flush wait rate along with Transaction log % usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get info with respect to time for Transaction and write Transaction per sec
- Insight into Transaction log related metrics like flush rate, flush data rate, and flush wait rate along with Transaction log % usage.
```

<img src='https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/SQLServer-OpenTelemetry/SQL-Server-Transaction-And-Transaction-Logs.png' alt="Operations" />

### SQL Server - Performance Counters

SQL Server - Performance Counters dashboard shows performance counters related to database activities, SQL statistics, and buffer cache.

Use this dashboard to:

> -   Get info for Page buffer hit %, page split rate
> -   Insight into Lock waits rate, Page read and write rate along with Patch reqeust rate and SQL compilation and recompilation per sec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get info for Page buffer hit %, page split rate
- Insight into Lock waits rate, Page read and write rate along with Patch request rate and SQL compilation and recompilation per sec.
```
